Welcome to the Appalachian Pizzeria Database. This database is designed to
create order requests for people wanting pizza from The Pizzeria in the 
Roess Dining Hall. The following is a manual on how to use the website that
is connected to the database.
--------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------
1)Get on the internet and go to student.cs.appstate.edu/classes/3430/151/team2/
2)You will see a webpage titled "The Pizzeria Order Form". Below the title you
  see the button "Click to add an item!". Click that button to tack on another
  item to your order.
3)A window will pop up. From this window you can create a new item to add to
  your order. Click the button "Select your item" and select an item from the
  following dropbox. Once your specific item is selected click the button
  "Add item" in the bottom right corner. If you wish to cancel, click the
  button "Cancel" right next to the button "Add item".
4)Once the specific item is added to your order, you will be able to see the 
  item on the main page underneath the button "Click to add an item!". From
  there you can change the size and quantity of your item. You can also delete
  the item by clicking the X at the end of the item line.
5)Continue to add items with the "Click to add an item!" button until you are 
  satisfied with your order. Once you are satisfed, click the "Finalize Order"
  button. You can also click the "Cancel Order" button to cancel the entire
  order.
6)Once the button "Finalize Order" is clicked, a window will pop up asking for
  your:
        *First Name
        *Last Name
        *BannerID
        *Email(@appstate.edu)
        *Phone number 
  If your order is a delivery, check the checkbox located underneath the phone
  number textbox. If the delivery checkbox is checked, specify which hall you
  wish the order to be delivered to. **ALL TEXTBOXES MUST BE FILLED**
7)Once you have filled in the information, click the "Complete Purchase" button
  and your order request will be fulfilled. **YOU MUST REFRESH THE PAGE TO MAKE
  ANOTHER ORDER. AN ORDER CANNOT BE MADE ON A BANNERID THAT ALREADY HAS AN 
  ACTIVE ORDER.**                       
